c:\users\ivalc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\App_Data\Taskstorage.mdf
c:\users\ivalc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\App_Data\Taskstorage_log.ldf
c:\users\ivalc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\hibernate.cfg.xml
c:\users\ivalc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
c:\users\ivalc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
c:\users\ivalc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\DAL.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\ivalc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\ivalc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\ivalc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\ORM.dll
c:\users\ivalc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\DAL.Interfaces.pdb
c:\users\ivalc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\ORM.pdb
c:\users\ivalc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\ivalc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\ivalc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\obj\Debug\DAL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ivalc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\obj\Debug\DAL.dll
c:\users\ivalc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\obj\Debug\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\iValc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.Net.dll
C:\Users\iValc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\Nest.dll
C:\Users\iValc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\iValc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.Net.pdb
C:\Users\iValc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.Net.xml
C:\Users\iValc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\Nest.pdb
C:\Users\iValc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\Nest.xml
C:\Users\iValc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TodoList\DAL\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
